okay okay here we are welcome everyone
it is the January 28th we are on the J
Escort dev team weekly sync how are you
all today
arrey big thumbs up all right
good cool welcome if you are here please
put your name in the attendees list in
the notes can we have a we have a
note-taker who's volunteered himself
this week and it is Jacob Thank You
Jacob
then what happens next okay so now what
we do is we do a weekly update where we
all tell each other what we did last
week what we're blocked on and what
we're planning to do this week I'm going
to start from the top and the first
person on the list today is Jacob would
you like to give us your update I would
love to yes so last week focused mainly
on finishing up the daemon work and that
took a break from that because I was
being my head on the wall and fixed some
old stuff for the s3 data store so
there's an example lock that improves
some of that and then fixed in a
multiple call back issue with the AWS
library because it is inconsistent I'm
also now leave maintainer on J's multi
adder I think I'm watching that but if
not feel free to add mention me if you
have any PR is there lots reviewing last
week this week we have a couple issues
have come up around transport listening
improving that so I've gone ahead and
created a issue in a slow p2p I'm gonna
work on finalizing this week that talks
about that whole structure of adding
retry logic to transports and better
error messaging and state messaging on
whether we're listening or we need to
retry or whatever so if you are
interested in that please check out that
issue in comment so we can get that
rolling and hopefully get that up they
did soon then yeah finished the daemon
and then I will also work
finalizing the rendezvous timeline for
getting the rendezvous servers rolled
out the next couple of quarters any
questions for me
yeah when you say retried listening why
would you retry so this is for like the
WebSockets when they try to listen to
like the WebSocket our servers that if
we have the connections down or the
WebSocket star is down when your node
goes to initially connect and listen on
via those servers right we'll just end
up like failing hard and crashing the
node until ultimately what we want to be
able to do is do you like a back off
free trial odjick so that whenever you
know just offline or the servers go
offline that we have retry built in so
we're not crashing those and then we can
just automatically reconnect cool ok so
that I guess that would cover like if
you closed your laptop and then opened
it somewhere else and you were offline
but then came online it would reconnect
yep or have you dropped off of Wi-Fi
yeah cool being able to reconnect
automatically that sounds super useful
cool ok any other questions for the
triggers all right if there's nothing
else for Jacob if the next person on the
list is Volker happy IPO d-day Volker
it's happy IPO d-day because both has
finished doing a whole bunch of API
refactor say and then sent us all pull
requests today and so today every year
from now on it my PL D day if you like
to give it to update yeah so also a
hippie IP LD day from my side yeah so
yeah I wrote on the AI plot the API is
obviously and finished them and send out
a few PRS and so the plan for me would
be that I get a view of those few hours
and then if there's any questions or
problems I will then make changes on the
actual peer are on iPod II and then once
we good I will merge the iPod E and P R
and then we go through the whole and
really stands basically but it's only
for dependencies I think so it's not too
bad so I hope to get this
finish this week and next week or this
week it won't work on the graph sync
selectors stuff finally and then there's
also so this was only part of the chase
I fell deep things so the other part is
the IP so called IP only formats which
is the lower-level minutes about
protocol buffers in sea bore and keep
and so on and those formats these needs
an update
but once this other changes merged I
would then call out for help and for
moving those formats also over to a new
API so everything is using a sink await
stuff all right that's all get any
questions for volca so a question from
me so the IPO de said all the formats
are currently still got their old API
but the new and the current J sarkodie
module is using that older API is that
is that right yes great ok cool and I
didn't want to move over because it's
pretty horrible because it's still the
whole big stuff and yeah ok ok do you
have what one or two with them
refactored already oh yes so the deck so
I created the de protocol buffers
because it's the most complex one I
already reflected that one with the old
IP on the API so now I need to move from
the own hopefully I didn't you want in
there ok this basically will then will
be the template for everyone else so if
everyone wants to how about once I've
done this I will yeah probably next week
you felt a call for people to help out
and then I can look at it the
photographer's wanted to see how it
works
sorry ok and you have a question for
ooh okay moving on
next person on the list of me okay so
this week I did moving the private
private lipid to be nodes the thing to
do a property called lib p2p and it's
essentially exposing the p2p or the p2p
node in ipfs other than by every other
method other than just start and stop
which of the current which was what it
was previously I looked at and solved
the issue with IP HTTP client it wasn't
being bundled in meteor it had a yeah it
had a thing in its package JSON and the
browser section to say don't bundle my
PFS HTTP client so what meteor was doing
wisdom was just removing it from the
bundle entirely so that was no good and
so that is fixed in released that's good
I started the migration to see id v1
basic value 2 by default I sent a PR to
jess the ID it's well I'd yeah because
as has notes lots more work to do and
then I was looking at upgrading happy
the HTTP server in Jessica fest to happy
18 we're now so we're currently looking
at happy 16 happy 17 was a big breaking
change where they switched to async
await so this is kind of in a kind of
relevant to the async/await endeavor and
yeah eventually we're gonna have to
upgrade anyway so I thought it would be
fun to take it get on that
I fixed an issue with IPS had I noticed
that the response for all of your files
was being buffered into memory before it
was being sent down to the client so
that's that was super easy to fix so I
just did it at the same time I've been
removed nearly 800 lines of code so far
which is kind of fun and yeah today I
was looking at Jess that I professed
that IO is it's currently using the old
files API in that is present in 0.33 and
some of the examples are broken so I
sent a pull request to that and actually
earlier in the week I so we've got we
had a new contributor
rad and he has sent sent a PR which adds
support for underscored DNS link has a
subdomain for your DNS links so instead
of just having a text record on your
domain you can have a txt record on your
a subdomain called underscore DNS link
to achieve the same sound drink so that
adds add support for that it's just a
basic and if it doesn't exist on your
domain on the domain you asked for then
check that's up to me so yeah that's
what I was doing I'm not locked on
anything I'm gonna finish off that
upgrade to have 18 minutes
I've got like maybe four endpoints to do
now so that PR is fun times big but yeah
you know sorry and yes I'm going to
continue with the CEO DB one base a two
and on Friday I'll do some violin work
which would be fun because it's file
going Friday nice alliteration
that's me does anyone have any questions
Hugo regarding the the upgrade for happy
I think Mateo machine that in his
opinion we should move away from IP to
something else
because he thinks that happy was built
for speed or something like that do you
think you we should think about it or
just continue using it yeah that's a
good question
I'm so I know that I yeah I remember him
saying that I um part of me feels like
yeah eventually we won't have to do that
I don't feel that our bottleneck for for
things is happy yet so and the gap
between moving to happy the next version
of happy and the next and something
entirely different is way smaller than
you know going to something entirely
different so
and it solves a whole bunch of problems
like we wanted me to throw a sink away
anyway
and it sort of forces our hand and yes I
think it would take a whole lot longer
to to to migrate to something completely
different if we were to do that but yeah
I am I am open to any kind of opinions
if if people feel that we should be
moving straight something different than
then that's fine
let's maybe talk about it after the
meeting yeah and what do you think that
the PRU made or are doing will be like
merged with think it's Reiter's
endeavour on things or will you just
budget before everything else is sink
away it doesn't have to be it like it
switches to using the promises API
because a happy is a sink away and it
just made more sense like that so it
doesn't have to wait for that you can
just go straight in yeah I mean like
echo Islands comments and also say that
like again the PBS demon ingest just
exists for sake of testing and like
providing like full functionality more
than actually being the reason why the
religion exists and so it might be a
useful thing to do in the future but I
saw so many other bottlenecks they've
I've been identified on the core that
should be tackled first even though if
the happy transition to some other
framework might some more appealing or
more isolated and so yeah I'll make sure
to create an issue and I could describe
water is a problem and a proposal but I
definitely did not like prioritize at
all just because like there is like
something so much more work to do in the
core itself
any other questions okay let's move on
then vodka like to give us your update
Aloha Bruins
so last week I worked in the continuous
integration in Jessica fest now
basically the current state I have the
CIA grin right now I've been trying to
run it several times it is not really
stable yet it feels like it should
three four times it fails at least one
but I think it's one the good way
besides that I I fixed IP v6 connection
that was failing using WebSockets
that was a problem that reached in seei
with the HD and I'm not working also in
the index adding the connection manager
limits which I think will also help in
the CI not bring that style in the DHT
but I would like Alan if you have time
this week to have a review for the HTTP
are while I finished connection manager
stuff to see if we can finish it this
way other things then the HT I created a
web server based protocol module because
now we'll be collaborating with my Kira
from the change safe systems we had a
meeting last week the Liberty B team and
I will be helping with gossip serve in
Jesslyn and so I created this vice
protocol that was extracted from the
flood step in order to allow them to
start implementing the gossip step with
the same we base as we are using in the
flood so right now and finally I also
created the the first benchmark for web
site which is a simple simple test for
benchmarking message being subscribed
and published Authority and so for this
week I will I want I would like to
finish the DHD so hopefully I
fixed review the tower will do work for
us
then I also want to refute Jacobs work
for Delhi then get also the demon client
merged and continued interrupt work for
liberty fee that I've started last month
but I added at time to continue it so
any questions or comments from ok thank
you let's move on to the next person on
the list which is Chris yeah I'd love to
see a demo with that at some point
maybe embarrass them any other questions
for Chrissie okay let's move on quickly
because we're running out of time
already
Hugo so last week I was sick at the end
of the week and the rest of it's fixed
some stuff about the bootstraps
not connecting release a new version of
the ISO URL package I also had added
support for course on the payloads Mach
server so we don't actually disable
security on Firefox and Chrome or
whatever when running testing a browser
device some error about the URLs not
being correctly parse or outputted this
was related to I P v6 IP is not using
brackets and then do the URL package
throwing an error I think that should be
fixed already and I know I'm not
actually sure but Fusco will probably
know more about it and also added
support for coverage in karma this is
related to the CI prototypes I'm still
blocked on the M flex package if Jacob
finds some time this week to help me out
with this I'm trying to make the full
stream to stream package out kind of
output readable stream 3 but there is so
much overriding and over rolling
overloading in there that's stuff keeps
breaking and I skip keep breaking even
the tests on the full stream 2 stream
are really strange because they they
assume like the the really old way of
dreams working in node that's like three
iterations on top of it so it's kind of
weird to make everything work so I'm
kind of kind of blocked on that this
week I'll be having a day off tomorrow
and then we will have a foursome
conference I'll try to fix finish the
pool streams to streams and also an
issue with the proper locks
well I think it was Allen that reported
it as we now kind of check the staleness
of the log file if you if you like close
your laptop or make it sleep for a while
and then you're woken it open up again
the the demon will probably throw with
narrow saying that's it couldn't update
the stealth check or the style timer and
then just breaks the the demon I'll try
to fix that this week that's it anyone
has any questions okay let's move
ourselves on Mateo doesn't look like
he's here so we'll leave that for
everyone to read on their own and next
up is Alex to give us your update hello
so I've been working on on trying to
integrate ipfs with NPM so there's a
client yes there's a package called good
day and which talks to something called
NPM registry client which is the
interface for the ipfs registry so ever
interment in a module that implements
the same API is that there talk to ipfs
instead it's not done yet because you
know it's a pretty leaky abstraction for
those HTTP stuff all over the place is
just super tedious
be hopefully all together done the
beginning of next week I've been looking
at all of Volkers I Tod API changes it's
really cool really get all that merged
it would be great so when yeah when the
main jet IPO the change goes in and the
new versions releasing we can merge all
the units of Vesta when that's done I'm
going to start combining them all to be
async and it erases and a lot of kind of
fun stuff and that's going to me I'm
gonna be I thought that next week so
hope to see some of you there any
questions okay Pat right moving on Zane
are you his anus not oh yes he is it yes
sorry sure no worries
so just jamming on Geoff's ipfs repo
changes pretty close to being able to
file PR just Neary whatever happened in
the data story interface so thanks for
blocking me there and that's it cool
cool any questions nope sweet Alex the
other Alex from new form is also not
here but then we have Ron would you like
to give us your update yeah so added
more chess added the chance to go test
also the go to JSP R 10 so back and
forth those two work also added some
more description on that issue that's
reported as far as it was James to go
was very slow was much slower than the
other ones and that showed up also in
the benchmark so Matteo has enough
information on that with the with the
clinic output is on the issue so I think
he's gonna be looking at that more this
week too
so yeah so added those tests added the
TC 0 using TCP or WebSocket connection
on those tests so the web Mitch we've
just been adding more to the web make
that make sure it's the test matrix
was filling in some of those things also
on the transport so I had some questions
about the transporter Ellen didn't
answer those questions so thank you so
much a lot of detail and I so and just
looking over that last guy I'm gonna
need to make some changes on our runner
that was also kind of brought in and the
pub/sub tests were shown so we're going
so instead of passing in just the
options when I'm passing all the options
that are possible to create ipfs
Accutron so you can customize it make it
behave how you need it to and I'll need
that also for the different transports
um yeah so then hopefully I get to the
this week em FS test we haven't added
one yes I wanted to make sure that we're
able to do that and it shows up
correctly and then other than that just
alex is going to be working on some more
things some more changes on the backend
it's it's trying to get it a little more
stable and I'll be doing more testing
and then just adding more tests as
meaning that let's make it so cool think
you're wrong any questions for our own
all right let's keep going keep this
train rolling its title next I know your
head high like just a very quick quick
update really relevant to JSF EFS we
were able to whitelist IP first
companion extension ID in experimental
branch in brave and that way we have the
stable ID that across multiple machines
so having that I was able to access
Chrome sockets api's from i from ipfs
companions background page it's the same
page that embedded JS activists runs
right now if you switch them by the Hulk
and I was able to start HTTP server from
that context so that's sort of a huge
thing because that
unblocks entire plan for having Jace
IGFs as a provider for HTTP API when you
just install extension and you have HTTP
API in brain
so the next step will be to check if any
of HTTP like the node HTTP polyfills for
that library works with the modern JSOC
EFS cuz I've seen that it there are
pills that were created like three or
four years ago and like new IP is
happened and JCAP FS does not support
anything older than node seven so we may
have some policies to missing but it's
very promising so far and that's all
true and in next week of course yeah so
the plan is to just check what's missing
and so I'll be at FOSDEM so I hope to
see a lot of you there cool okay any
questions for light oh okay cool in
which case we are on time
completely on time does anyone have any
super quick things to say before we
leave
all right in which case big hearts yes
we're always welcome always and rad
vehicle thank you for thank you for
joining us for this exciting edition of
what we did last week what we are gonna
do this week or what until next time